Now, let 's look at making mg pension or stack pelvis.
I did not see the pelvic pelvic manual.
You need a golfer's blackhead.
I need four ball caps. I cut 4th free kicks and 5 blue caps.
Simply so whispering color rice Campbell River One room can grow a dog
I will.
Then the pelvis Once the pelvis frame part
I assemble the frame of the pelvis .
And then put the briquettes and put them on the other side and assemble them.
5 times and then frame assembly.
Now, the basic frame skeleton is complete.
I guess I'm awake. I'm going to wake up.
This way, the basic frame of the four pelvises has been completed,
Behind
Fit a frame with a duct and raise a frame with a duct to the front
Pretty simple, is not difficult in assembling their very simple. And after approaching
While being easy to reach even the external I give external clear front Yes
In front of me to duct stones
The company is equally fitting give the pelvic basic
Almost there
I've continued to
I'll assemble the front skirts. It's simple.
Yes, he has a perfect year,
complete
It's simple. 4 Front front and whatever.
Also known as skirts, but also called front yammer armor armor
Yes. Yes. Pelvic area. What's keeping the hip joint?
4 Side arm. That's what your sister says.
Oriented primary side arm and wounded here.
Who is it
To give an example, fitted to a front of the back skirt completed in Jiminy example following requirements
Now I give this place fit Embroidery
Oh, I also went back a year so over the top with another swipe
The skirt child nursing is awesome
Then sleeping gabardine site now sidearm uh Quite simply one site
Just frame and
Just like an exterminator, I just assemble the crane and the store.
There's a lot going on here .
Well , for once.
Yoga is on the side and down there.
In the meantime ,
Insert joints
That's it.
The opposite side also plays a stone .
Pantry next to the armor in the side in the tournament
Let me float.
Yeah I love it I love it I love it I go forward only scrap